Selectors
	
All input steps have an assoicated selector, which helps define what object the automation is interacting with.

Ui Explorer is a tool that lets you  visualize a "Tree" of containers in a particular application.

The Ui Selector definies the entire directory of windows, from the root all the way to the indicated target

Customization and debugging selectors

	Selectors can be defined as Full or Partial.

	Full selectors
		A selector that defines all containers for a UiElement, including the top level window

		The basic recording functionallity records using Full selectors

	Partial Selectors
		A selector that just defines some of a UiElement, as the activity that need the selector can get the higher level elements from its containing automation

		Desktop recording uses partial selectors

Occasionally, you will need to select an object that has a unique name or identifier. For this we use Dynamic Selectors

	We can use Wildcards

	*
		Replaces any number of characters

			For example: Editing a document who's title changes every day like , status update 28-10-2019 - Notepad, we can replace the dynamic part of that document's title in the selector from

			title='status update 28-10-2019 - Notepad'

			to

			title='status update* -Notepad'

	?
		Replaces exactly one character

Index selector
represented in selector markup as idx=n, it is useful for having the automation select the nth item in a grouping

Paramarterizing Selectors
	You can use UiExplorer to review the selector for a given step, and then edit that selector to include a variable. For example, the following selector

	"<wnd app='sublime_text.exe' cls='PX_WINDOW_CLASS' title='Selectors • - Sublime Text (UNREGISTERED)' />"

	could be paramarterized in the following way

	"<wnd app='sublime_text.exe' cls='PX_WINDOW_CLASS' title=" + otherTitle + " />"

	were we concatinate that selector string with the otherTitle variable, that is set to something like

	otherTitle = "'Ui Interactions • - Sublime Text (UNREGISTERED)'"


RPA Challenge
	UiPath has a challenge page, where they have a series of forms that are specifically difficult to automate. There are several tricks to dynamically figuring out how to add data to fields that change at each different input

	Anchor Base
		This is a too that will search for an element, and then grab the closest input and try and associate it with that input.

		Does not work in the background

	Relative Selector
		similar to the anchor base; does not work in the background, but relies on the internal structure of the application

Practical Exercise
Create a sequence to input data into the Automation Challenge website.
First, use the FakeNameGenerator.com to generate random data. Extract values for Name, Phone number and Company name.

Next, type into RPAChallenge.com website the 3 values in the First Name, Phone Number and Company Name fields.

Use UiExplorer to build reliable selector. Try Anchor Base activity and Select Relative element option in UiExplorer to get the target element relative to its Label